Wladd/edit fix problems (#5)
wbl/roughtime-draft: draft-ietf-ntp-roughtime.md

### Timestamp

A timestamp is a uint64 count of seconds since the Unix epoch assuming
every day has 86400 seconds. This is a constant offset from the NTP
timestamp in seconds. Leap seconds do not have an unambiguous representation
in a timestamp, and this has implications for the attainable accuracy

> and setting of the RADI tag.

Reviewer: Good clarification!

The RADI tag value MUST be a uint32 representing the server's estimate
of the accuracy of MIDP in seconds. Servers MUST ensure that the true
time is within (MIDP-RADI, MIDP+RADI) at the time they transmit the

> response message. RADI MUST be at least 3 seconds.
> 
> RADI is at least 3 seconds to ensure that leap seconds do not affect the
> observed correctness of roughtime servers.

Reviewer: I think this is better as its own paragraph. 

```suggestion
response message.

The value of the RADI tag MUST be at least 3 seconds. Otherwise leap seconds will impact the
observed correctness of roughtime servers.
```

# Grease

> Servers SHOULD send back a fraction of responses that are syntactically

Reviewer: What's your thinking for this change?

Author: Follows conversation with Marcus.
